Make link to SDK reference more prominent (#1096)
fermyon/developer: content/spin/v2/language-support-overview.md

{{ startTab "Rust"}}

> **[📄 Visit the Rust Spin SDK reference documentation](https://docs.rs/spin-sdk/latest/spin_sdk/) to see specific modules, functions, variables and syntax relating to the following Rust features.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[📄 Visit the Rust Spin SDK reference documentation](https://docs.rs/spin-sdk/latest/spin_sdk/) to see the modules, types, functions, and macros relating to the following Rust features.**
```

> **[📄 Visit the Rust Spin SDK reference documentation](https://docs.rs/spin-sdk/latest/spin_sdk/) to see specific modules, functions, variables and syntax relating to the following Rust features.**

Reviewer: For me the document symbol is blurry and hard to parse - it doesn't really draw my attention.  How might it look with something more dramatic like a BIG HONKIN' ARROW or something like that?

> **[📄 Visit the Rust Spin SDK reference documentation](https://fermyon.github.io/rust-docs/spin/main/spin_sdk/index.html) to see specific modules, functions, variables and syntax relating to the following Rust features.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**[📄 Visit the Rust Spin SDK reference documentation](https://docs.rs/spin-sdk/latest/spin_sdk/) to see specific modules, functions, variables and syntax relating to the following Rust features.**
```
This is probably the more "official" place to see the Rust docs now that we're publishing to crates.io,

> **[📄 Visit the Rust Spin SDK reference documentation](https://fermyon.github.io/rust-docs/spin/main/spin_sdk/index.html) to see specific modules, functions, variables and syntax relating to the following Rust features.**

Reviewer: For me the document symbol seemed a bit blurry and didn't draw the eye.  Might this look better with something bolder like a BIG HONKIN' ARROW or something like that?

> **[📄 Visit the Rust Spin SDK reference documentation](https://fermyon.github.io/rust-docs/spin/main/spin_sdk/index.html) to see specific modules, functions, variables and syntax relating to the following Rust features.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[📄 Visit the Rust Spin SDK reference documentation](https://fermyon.github.io/rust-docs/spin/main/spin_sdk/index.html) to the modules, types, functions, and macros relating to the following Rust features.**
```

{{ startTab "TypeScript"}}

> **[📄 Visit the JS/TS Spin SDK reference documentation](https://fermyon.github.io/spin-js-sdk/) to see specific modules, functions, variables and syntax relating to the following TS/JS features.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[📄 Visit the JS/TS Spin SDK reference documentation](https://fermyon.github.io/spin-js-sdk/) to see the modules, functions, types, and variables relating to the following TS/JS features.**
```

{{ startTab "Python"}}

> **[📄 Visit the Python Spin SDK reference documentation](https://fermyon.github.io/spin-python-sdk/) to see specific modules, functions, variables and syntax relating to the following Python SDK.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[📄 Visit the Python Spin SDK reference documentation](https://fermyon.github.io/spin-python-sdk/) to see the modules, types, functions, and variables in the Python SDK.**
```

(Although personally I find that extra clause a bit redundant.  It's kind of "visit the Python SDK docs to see what's in the Python SDK."  And that enumerating the various kinds of things detracts from the message rather than adding to it.  But YMMV!)

> **[📄 Visit the Python Spin SDK reference documentation](https://fermyon.github.io/spin-python-sdk/) to see specific modules, functions, variables and syntax relating to the following Python SDK.**

Reviewer: There's a style shift where some sections relate to "the following <language> features" and some to "the <language> SDK" - is that intentional?

{{ startTab "TinyGo"}}

> **[📄 Visit the TinyGo Spin SDK reference documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/fermyon/spin/sdk/go/v2) to see specific modules, functions, variables and syntax relating to the following TinyGo SDK.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[📄 Visit the TinyGo Spin SDK reference documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/fermyon/spin/sdk/go/v2) to see the modules, types, functions, and variables in the TinyGo SDK.**
```
